Garbage collection in Python is an automatic memory management process that reclaims memory 
occupied by objects that are no longer in use.
 
Python primarily uses two mechanisms for this: 
1) Reference Counting:
Every object in Python maintains a reference count, 
which tracks how many references (variables, data structures, etc.) point to it.
When an object's reference count drops to zero, it means there are no more references to that 
object, and its memory can be immediately deallocated.
This is the primary and most efficient method for garbage collection in Python.

2) Generational Garbage Collection (for cyclic references):
Reference counting alone cannot handle circular references, 
where two or more objects refer to each other, 
even if they are no longer accessible from the rest of the program. 
In such cases, their reference counts would never reach zero.
To address this, Python employs a generational garbage collector, accessible through the gc module.
This collector categorizes objects into three generations (0, 1, and 2) 
based on their age and survival of previous collection cycles.
Newly created objects start in Generation 0. 
If they survive a collection in Generation 0, they move to Generation 1, 
and then to Generation 2 if they survive a collection in Generation 1.
The garbage collector checks Generation 0 most frequently and Generation 2 least frequently, 
as older objects are less likely to become unreachable.
This generational approach helps optimize the collection process by focusing on newer objects, 
which are more likely to be short-lived.

Manual Control:
While Python's garbage collection is mostly automatic, you can interact with it using the gc module:
gc.collect(): Manually triggers a garbage collection cycle.
gc.disable(): Disables the automatic generational garbage collector.
gc.enable(): Enables the automatic generational garbage collector.
gc.set_threshold(threshold0, threshold1, threshold2): 
	Sets the thresholds for triggering garbage collection in each generation.

Summary:
Python's garbage collection system efficiently manages memory by 
combining reference counting for immediate deallocation of most objects 
and a generational collector to handle complex circular references.